---
id: 475
title: App Store as a Software kit?
date: 2009-02-23T17:08:11+00:00
author: Tyler (Chacha)
layout: post
guid: http://chacha102.com/?p=475
permalink: /475/
categories:
  - Misc
---
 

Althought most of Apple&#8217;s products are very well thought of, sometimes we find that parts of it are too simple to actually add functionality. One person saw this in the way the icons on your iPhone are arrranged. Currently, the only way to get an App onto your phone is to sync it to the device. Not very handy, and doesn&#8217;t really encourage you to be using applications. What one person envisions is a way to edit your home screens directly through iTunes. This includes the ability to sort applications by name, use, etc. It also allows for you to reorder home screens and the icons on them. Here is the YouTube video.<!--more-->

 

<div class="jetpack-video-wrapper">
  <span class='embed-youtube' style='text-align:center; display: block;'></span>
</div>

 

I currently have an iPod Touch, and I really think that they could increase what applications could do, along with how you can customize where they are. What if through iTunes you could load your application into a window and enter information that way? It would allow easy editting, and if someone made a very functional program, it could even replace your desktop software. 

 

One benefit to having everything through the Appstore is that for desktop applications and iPod applications to be in sync with the current system, you have to transfer them via servers, and not everyone who makes an app could afford that. What if when you bought an application on the app store, it came with a way to edit it via the computer. The app that you use would suddenly become a lot more valuable. All the information would still be stored on the iPod, so there is no 3rd party, but if you need to enter a lot of data, you simply plug it into the computer.

 

I think that the App store, and market places like it could easily package all these things together, and would truly create a mobile platform that would allow you to even enter large amounts of data, yet have it anywhere you are.