---
id: 2419
title: 235 People
date: 2014-08-14T22:29:21+00:00
author: Tyler (Chacha)
layout: post
guid: http://tylercarter.org/?p=2419
permalink: /235-people/
categories:
  - Personal
---
Summer is my favorite part of the year. It isn&#8217;t because of the beach and it isn&#8217;t because of the pool and it certainly is not because of the weather. I might live in San Diego, but every day that the thermostat pushes 80 degrees I die a little inside. No, summer is awesome because of the people.

This summer I got to hang out with a lot of people, 235 if I am counting right. Right out of the door I got to run the games for our church&#8217;s annual summer VBS, where we run around and play with 78 kids and 12 leaders. We played games like Capture the Flag, Ahfon, Frozen T-Shirt Relays, it was awesome!

Right after VBS, I got to work with about 20 volunteers to put on a four week-long sessions of Robotics Camp for a combined 63 kids. We spent the entire week building LEGO robots and compete against each other in complex challenges to see who could build the best robot. Then we headed outside to play some Ultimate Frisbee, our my favorite, play Eternal Dodgeball. It was really fun getting to know my counselors over the four weeks as well as getting to see really smart kids dive into building robots.

In the middle of camp, I headed to Honduras as a part of a group of 25 people who&#8217;s sole purpose was to spread God&#8217;s love to the people in San Pedro Sula, a city that has one of the highest murder rates in the world. We got to run a sports camp and vacation bible school there, as well as put on a medical brigade that got kids the medicine they needed as well as went and visited sick kids in the pediatric section of a Honduran hospital. But amongst all of that busyness was the really cool opportunity to hang out and spend time with a bunch of kids. We played soccer, put stickers on each other, and played this awesome game where everyone stands in a circle and slaps each other&#8217;s hands while spinning around in a circle when they call out your birth month. It was super awesome.

Finally, once everything was said and done I got to head out to Forest Home with 32 5th/6th graders and 5 leaders. We drove all the way to the San Bernardino Mountains just to find that the camp was in the middle of the biggest flash flood it has experienced in a while, so big that it shut down three of their camp centers and we had to turn back home. But that didn&#8217;t stop us, as we slept over at our church and then turned the next day into an awesome day of fun, playing Laser tag and getting wet at a pool. We finished up the night with s&#8217;mores and games and despite not getting to go to camp had a really fun time.

And all of this to say that, people are awesome. This summer I got to hang out with 235 of them, and each one of them truly made the last three months memorable. And more than people, it is love. Love is something worth finding and holding onto. Not just goo-goo romantic love, but friendship, affection, and agape love. Love is what makes all the late nights, sweat and work worth it. It is truly the one noble cause.

The aim of our charge, is love.